so tell me a little bit what am i how
would you like me to refer to you by the
way uh Ingrid is fine Ingrid mine okay
Ingrid yeah Ingrid thank you very much
for coming on today can you tell me a
little bit about what we're talking
about yeah thank you for having me um so
body dysmorphia um
just general strong anxiety about
appearance okay yeah that's it is okay
sure so can you help us understand what
you mean by body dysmorphia um so but it
is more yeah I know there's like
different kinds of it like transsexual
people have one kind of it I don't have
that kind my kind is that I am I see my
body my whole appearance as a lot worse
than it actually is okay and so like the
definition is something like overly
focused on a flaw in the physical
appearance that isn't necessarily there
or is so insignificant that no one else
can see it okay and you're like you're
so focused on it that it takes up so
much time of your life and gives you so
much stress okay and do you have a
particular feature in your body that you
spend a lot of your time thinking about
basically all of it
okay I I just I I am there's not like
one feature that's like I wish I could
change that it's it's it's basically
like I can't have a objective view of my
body it's like I don't know I explain it
it's I see my voice cute like distorted
sure wait how do they know that what you
see is distorted and I I don't think
it's distorted okay so people told me
professionals I'm talking doc told me so
I guess it is I mean it doesn't seem
like thinking that your view is of your
body as a distorted does you much good
no that's a problem okay so I'm gonna
start from kind of a weird place okay
let's just assume for a moment that
you're right instead of wrong so just my
experience being a mental health
professional comes I've come to
appreciate that
even though sometimes our mind can think
wrong things so let's think about
something like suicide
like if someone wants to kill themselves
I find that the most effective way to
help that person is to not assume that
they're wrong and like that life is
worth living it's to actually recognize
for that person in that moment life is
not worth living
does that make sense yeah and and the
cool thing is that it paradoxically like
you may think that you know telling to
sua slike talking to a suicidal person
about why their life isn't worth living
is like the wrong thing to do because
then like oh my god what if they kill
themselves it's absolutely a possibility
but strangely enough I think telling
people things that are contrary to what
they believe like doesn't help what are
you thinking about that I agree with
that it's like it doesn't help when
people tell me oh no you are pretty or
you look normal
it's like thanks but doesn't change
anything okay yeah so that's not what I
want to hear what do you want to hear I
don't know it's you I don't know what I
want to hear okay
so what I kind of I guess I kind of like
it would always be nice if someone just
told me straight to my face that I look
terrible what is it another hassle yeah
then I don't have to worry about it okay
so Ingrid right yeah Ingrid I'm so glad
you came on today can I just share some
random thoughts so
I feel optimistic and I'm grateful to
you I feel optimistic because I don't
know why I just do I can't make sense of
it it sounds like you've seen
professionals before and it hasn't
really helped much so I think every
every logical thought in my mind is that
I'm not going to be able to help you and
yet I feel optimistic today and I'm
grateful to you because I think this is
something that is not talked about and
not understood and I think it's
incredibly courageous for you to come in
you know and like let's just think about
what you're doing in to what degree
you're courageous because you're someone
who has body dysmorphia you think you
look terrible and we're actually doing a
video chat I I actually wanted to not be
on camera I can imagine so when I first
got a message but I didn't really want
to say no because like you have everyone
on cameras yeah but why the
wouldn't you why why are you on camera
like what's up with that don't you is it
that awful for you kind of like I was
literally shaking before like the 20
minutes of delay I was just sitting oh
I'm so sorry but I was gonna say I just
I don't know it doesn't really matter
because I I never have to talk to you
again or like no one in chat so it's
good yeah doesn't really matter and also
I wanted to just try yes yes good for
you and I think it's it's really
important I know this is gonna sound
bizarre but it doesn't really matter is
I think a wonderful way to live your
life I think so much of the torture that
we give ourselves is because we think
Matt things matter we're like oh my god
if I go to this party and people don't
like me then like oh my god it's gonna
be the end of the world no it doesn't
matter hmm
and and I think that you've actually
taken a huge step forward by
acknowledging that you don't have to let
your perceptions of your body or your
what you really believe
like I say perception applies it's not
real you don't have to let being ugly
get in the way of what
you do mmm and that's what we got that
in and of itself is like amazing
right let's forget for a moment about
whether you are ugly but I'm just gonna
step into your shoes and that's pretty
cool what do you think about that I'm
proud of myself
like damn straight I am I would never
carry on I don't know I don't like being
on camera at all sure and like right now
you have 2,000 people watching this so
let's make things boring so that it
drops down to a thousand yeah yeah so it
how does it feel to be on camera and on
stream you said you were nervous for the
20 minutes before but how about now it's
fine now
yes I don't know but I'm I'm just
actually seeing you now I haven't read
the chaps so it's that you should stay
away from
chatez don't really get that but why do
you so let's just try to so Ingrid there
are two things that I'd like to talk to
you about today one is to help us
understand a little bit about where and
how these feelings and perceptions come
from and the second is to forget about
all that stuff and just focus on like
why is it that the thought of being on
camera and actually being on camera is
like two different things right why
isn't the thought of coming on stream
actually more terrifying than actually
being on scene because that's weird
yeah that's right and if we can
understand that and we can understand
how the body dysmorphia occupies your
mind and shapes your mind maybe we can
get some power over it not by addressing
it directly not by telling you that
you're a beautiful person because that's
like that's like the content of your
mind
if that makes sense but what I'm talking
about is the process of your mind so how
is your mind like how does it come up
with anxieties and then when you
actually do the thing it's like easier
than thinking about doing the thing yeah
because I can imagine that your your
perceptions of how you look keep you
from doing things yeah and I can imagine
that if they keep you from doing things
that may make life
harder from you not just because you
feel a certain way about yourself but
then because then you're not doing those
things that make sense so yeah in a
weird way we may be able to help you out
by like not even talking about the body
of morphia but just teaching you how to
not necessarily ignore it but like how
you can sort of outmaneuver it maybe
it's a better way to put it hmm is that
sound okay yeah okay definitely so let's
start with if it's okay with you we'll
start with like where these thoughts
come from and what you think about
yourself is that okay well I don't I
don't know it comes from actually it's
like it's just kind of like something
that's manifested itself in my mind as
true sure
of course um I'm not really like trying
to tell myself anything else yep so I
spent a lot of time just looking at
myself in there's or hmm how much time
depends on the day sometimes hours like
in front of mirror or photos like I
think that you're so myself for hours
maybe I'm like watching TV or something
and I just take pictures but I delete
them all afterwards and it's like what
are you looking for when you take a
picture mm-hmm I always try to take nice
pictures so pictures were like like good
angles good lighting and such apps I
guess I'm just like looking for a
picture outlook Nisan do you ever find
one I do that's the weird thing like I
find a lot actually really but the thing
is like I just tell myself like that
that's not how I look like because this
is a photo I see interesting I'm just
telling myself that like because you
know how much can be like influenced by
lighting and angles
such yeah I'm just telling myself like
like it's not what I look like because
it's a photo sure so so it's kind of
strange right so like there's it sounds
like you actually take good pictures of
yourself and and you're happy with the
way that you look sometimes right maybe
for like one second when I look at the
photo right and keep in mind I'm like
I'm taking maybe like five hundred
pictures for myself maybe four of them
yeah so okay so what I'm what I'm
hearing you say is that you have a
couple of pictures that look okay and
when I repeat that back to you you
respond with yeah but that's like four
out of five hundred so it's like you see
what you're doing is you're kind of
invalidating what your observations are
you're arguing against the idea that
you're actually capable of looking
normal or attractive in a photo yeah do
you see how your mind does that yeah so
you said hmm sorry go ahead
it'll so like even those four pictures I
do find it's an hour later I don't think
I look nice anymore okay fine right so
let's think about that right so you say
that for a second you're like oh that's
a decent photo and then what happens in
your mind when I see a decent photo yeah
it wakes up and says what like that
split second is like oh maybe my nose
look okay there but then I'll just start
thinking no that's because the lighting
hits oh well something like that I'm
just trying to tell myself that it's not
not what I look like because it's yeah
so that's kind of so I just want you to
notice that sometimes your mind is able
to appreciate a picture of you and
anytime you start to appreciate a
picture of you this other part of your
mind wakes up and activates and it says
no no no no no no no no Ingrid no no no
it's just the lighting
you're not attractive it's just you
tricked you tricked people into thinking
that photo was decent it's all trickery
it's not the real you the real you is
what ingrate how do you feel about
yourself what do you think you look like
I just feel I just look I don't know
abortion okay I feel like I don't have
like a specific picture in my head of
what I look like it's just I have I feel
I am my proportions are unnatural like
almost as if I had a disease that's what
I think about everything and everything
meaning yourself what are my appearance
your nerves okay that you're just out of
proportion yes I I feel like I look like
a goblin resulting like some creature
from Lord of the Rings or sure like a
caricature like it's not like normal
looking yeah yeah yeah like you have all
the pieces that a normal human has but
you don't look like a normal human is
that how you mmm how long have you is it
okay if I ask you a few questions about
that yeah okay and by the way you know
just a disclaimer that you can choose
not to answer anything hmm
also you can tell me to go myself
at any point okay so can I rely on you
to exercise both of those options if you
feel that like they're appropriate okay
awesome yes
all right so how long have you been
feeling like you were out of proportion
um since high school I'm 20 now so three
years ago no one else three or six years
six years ago okay yeah but it's been
kind of up and down but it's been a lot
the last two years can you tell me a
little bit about
high school I always loved school
so the actual like classes in such work
I don't know I loved learning and just
reading stuff
that's rare I I miss high school for the
learning I didn't really have so before
high school I had two best friends and
they all they went to another high
school me so I didn't really have any
friends when I started there I didn't
know anyone and I didn't really get to
know anyone in those three years um so
it kind of just I kind of just woke up
went to school did school which was
super fun and went home and did my thing
and I was fine with that I didn't really
feel the need to have friends there did
you feel lonely sometimes but usually
not do what what kinds of thoughts did
you have about your appearance in high
school it wasn't as badass as now it was
I always thought that it didn't look
feminine at all
I always thought and I still do that I
look like totally oh boy or something
and I know I didn't look like a girl
okay
and it didn't help that everyone in my
class had kind of this joke too that
everyone thought I was a lesbian which
I'm not like but they're not that
there's anything wrong with being a
lesbian but the reason they thought I
was a lesbian was because first of all I
was into like more boy stuff sure but
and second gaming
right off yeah and poor games like
fantasy the Indians such I like football
yeah more boy stuff so I I never really
felt like I felt like a woman but I
didn't feel feminine you know sure and I
didn't really feel the need to defend
millions but now I do but I can't do you
feel like you kind of missed the boat on
that yeah like you could have if you had
been if you had acted differently or
behaved differently maybe you would be
more feminine than you are today yeah
like I say this my my two friends from
before my school I'm still friends with
them today like my whole life I've known
one of them my whole life and my whole
life I've always been very boyish you
know sure and I am I was fine with that
I kind of liked it because I was like I
always got to play with play football
with the guys and such and yeah so I
feel like now I can't go in the feminine
cuz everyone I know including my best
friends as always it was always like
they we always had inside jokes about
how I can't wear a dress they would
always say it they would hurt a little
bit but I wouldn't really care but now I
care
there's all the inside jokes about how I
cannot be feminine because that's not me
and how weird that would be if I did
anything feminine hmm can I think for a
second yeah
I'm gonna need a few seconds okay like
maybe like a minute so of course I'm
trying to think there was something in
my head
that's very helpful
I'm just not quite sure how okay so what
I don't I don't know how it relates to
the dysmorphia but I this yeah so maybe
it doesn't maybe it doesn't but what I'm
hearing you say is that essentially
you're not really you haven't been
allowed to be feminine I don't feel like
it right and it starts like it's not
started pretty early where you started
to conceptualize yourself as like more
masculine and then I guess like when I
was 40 and I felt it was kind of cool if
I was a tomboy or something
sure cuz every other girl I knew in my
class was very feminine yeah so I got to
hang play football with the guys and
such in that that used to be kind of
cool but what I'm hearing you kind of
it's almost like at some point other
people haven't allowed you to be
feminine or haven't encouraged you to be
feminine at some point you stopped
allowing yourself to be found on oh yeah
so I noticed you're wearing a t-shirt
yeah do you wear more like t-shirts like
you wear dresses or more traditionally
feminine clothing I own a lot of it but
I don't wear it yeah so let's think what
happens when you try to put it on or you
think about putting it off I
just on I just can't I just I can't wear
it yeah what happened I just can't
it's put it on and it's can you put it
on or you can't even put it on I'm not
talking about in public I'm talking
about like can you even try a dress on
and in the privacy of your own home or a
room we can um but not the law how do
you feel when you put it on
I feel stupid like I say to myself like
almost like how dare you believe you can
actually wear this absolutely yeah
right so the funny thing here is I I
don't even know and just so that that
sounds like that kind of relates to the
body dysmorphia to me what do you think
yeah I guess it does I mean I understand
that body dysmorphia has a particular
representation in your mind but I find
it hard to believe that having a
particular view of how you look and
being unable to wear a dress like I find
it hard to believe that those are fully
independent so you know it's it they're
probably connected yeah yeah and and I
can understand why it's hard to connect
them because the way that those thoughts
look and feel are like very different
right if you look in a mirror and you
say I'm disproportional or my from
Martians aren't correct and you put on a
dress and you you say how dare you like
those feel like different thoughts but I
think there's something about it's so
hard it's like right on the edge of my
understanding it's like at some point
you didn't no one allowed you to be
feminine and then you didn't allow
yourself to be feminine and then instead
of not allowing it it became true does
that make sense like something shifted
I'm getting the sense of a shift where
you used to be like how dare you and now
you're like I can't does that make sense
like it became like a fact instead of
like a choice feel like it would mean I
would be comfortable with wearing maybe
a men's jacket the nurse yeah that makes
a lot of sense and I know it's like it's
pretty normal for girls to wear male
t-shirts and such so I don't know maybe
doesn't count but
I would feel more comfortable wearing
men's yeah so you know oddly enough I'm
not getting any sense of gender identity
confusion from you
no right right I am yeah
so that I'm pretty clear on that I also
don't get the sense that you're actually
a transvestite if that makes do you know
what a transvestite is yeah yeah so just
the way that I remember it is
transvestites or someone of a particular
gender who wears another genders
clothing but it doesn't mean that they
think that they are like so that I then
the world citizen huh yeah it's
cross-dressing so it's not actually like
you know a man who wears women's
clothing is not doesn't think that
they're a woman and they're not
homosexual has nothing to do with like
sexuality or gender identity it's just I
you know the trick that I use to
remember or when I was learning this
stuff is you know transvestite has the
word vest in it and so it's about
clothing it's about what you wear on the
outside it's about nothing about who you
are on the inside but I'm not getting
the sense that you're a transvestite
either I think no yeah I like to put it
another way it's like I want to I want
to wear female feminine clothes that I
can't so I wear I don't really wear
men's clothes I don't but I would be
more comfortable wearing it but not
because I want to write you know because
it's it's uncomfortable for you to wear
I don't I don't want to wear men's
clothes but I would rather wear men's
clothes no okay I think yeah yeah oh god
sorry please III so I rather where I I
wear clothes maids for women but like
not particularly feminine of course like
this t-shirt yeah
it's the questions how to help you
do you want help yeah what do you want
to help
[Music]
I don't know it's it's just too I wish
there was like some way I could just
realize that like I don't even need to
feel pretty I just need to feel normal
you know so I don't know actually cuz
like I don't know and if you realize
that what would change about your mind
what would change about the person that
you are well I definitely wouldn't spend
as much time worrying about it worrying
about what about how I look like if I
could just settle with I'm normal true
then I probably wouldn't spend as much
time thinking pictures and looking in
there yeah it's it's kind of sad
actually to think that you would be
happy with just being normal
you know yes I mean I feel sad when I
hear you say that I I remember even
feelings to some degree that way myself
not so much about appearance but that I
was less than human in a lot of ways and
I didn't want to be exceptional or the
best I just wanted to be normal
yeah I don't I don't need to be I don't
need to like feel like I'm gorgeous but
how do you want this a normal one
I just want to feel not terrible
like not like a goblin hmm and when did
you start to feel like a goblin
I haven't actually thought about it that
way before but uh that's what we're here
for
think about things but um I guess the
last year has been very like yes peached
okay yeah so we're not talking about the
peak right so you said you played D&D
yeah a little bit more
okay yeah you like fantasy stuff yeah
like do you remember you know looking at
something from the fantasy genre whether
it be a video game or book or movie or
whatever and like looking at a picture
of like a monster or goblin and thinking
like oh that's what I look like
that's me well clearly no it's never
wouldn't I'm actually looked at them
I've never related to it but it's more
like in my mind
sure okay and what about when so you
said high school is when you started you
didn't have many friends in high school
I had I I was neutral everyone so no I
didn't really have friends I didn't have
anyone any outfit and how did you feel
about that it was actually it's okay
actually because I still had my two best
friends in the other school that I saw
in my spare time sometimes and are your
best friend's girls or boys girls and
are you still close with them yeah not
so much one of them but missing Newt but
the other one I'm still close with hmm
can you tell me a little bit about your
parents and what growing up was like I
hadn't I probably had the ideal
childhood so parents are there they've
stayed together are we're we never
struggled with money my parents has
always been supportive they've always
kind of kind of their whole idea of how
to raise children is just let them
figure things out and it'll be okay you
know so like they didn't let me do
dangerous stuff but they left me kind of
lets me take risks they let me do
whatever what I wanted and felt like and
if that went bad
to learn the consequences you know
mm-hmm
some would say that's not ideal but I
would say it's pretty good because the
the their their philosophy philosophy
was that as long as you're honest we
won't be mad and as long as as long as
you ask you if you do something wrong or
bad as long as you take responsibility
it's fine what with limit limitations of
course so it sounds like you you you're
very grateful for the childhood you've
had I am everything was fine
is your mom feminine yeah she's not
super feminine but she wears dresses and
she doesn't wear makeup she's she has
like a very feminine personality and she
dresses feminine but she's also very how
do I say this
she has characteristics of more like a
masculine like she's handy and mm-hmm
yeah so it sounds like you had a pretty
you know like a role model in your life
in terms of your mom that was a little
bit more on the masculine side yeah same
with my sister she has always been very
feminine has has always been very
feminine yes
older or younger older three years old
do you remember what it was like if you
had thoughts about when you were in high
school so when you were 14 and she was
do you remember thinking about the
difference between you and her but not
in a negative way yeah just that we were
different very different she was very
like
she wore makeup she wore feminine things
she explored a lot with fashion and just
ways of expressing herself through
clothes and makeup and such she liked
more feminine things when she was 15 she
loves Twilight yeah all that stuff how
do you feel about Twilight I don't like
it but I feel like Who am I to say it's
bad because I'm not the target audience
it's it's good for 12 year olds I guess
so I work you don't like Twilight that
just means you have good taste I guess I
don't like it but I I can see how a
fourteen-year-old girl would like it I
can't even see how a 14 year old girl
would like it long but and and so what
I'm hearing you say Ingrid is that you
know when you were in early high school
he started
I mean you've known that you aren't very
feminine but it really wasn't a problem
for you when did it start to become a
problem
I guess when when most people around me
started when people like when people you
know just reach a certain point where
there's suddenly a difference between
boys and girls like there's not much
different difference when you're eight
years old you know but I'll explain it
when when all the girls in my class we
weren't a lot of girls in my class but
when all the girls in my class suddenly
were so focused on all the feminine hmm
and the guys were more masculine it's
like I had all the same interests as as
guys in my class but I kind of wanted to
hang out with the girls you know but you
kind of didn't know how to yeah I
remember there was I was invited to a
birthday party once in a girl in my
class I think the reason she invited me
like she didn't want to be mean or
anything but we didn't really know each
other
the like we were only seven girls in my
class and she was inviting everyone else
so she invited me too and I remember
just sitting there and did not know what
to do or talk about because I couldn't
relate to anything I did not know how to
join the conversation how did you feel
last year I felt awkward I wanted to
leave because it was boring boring yeah
I said I I didn't really care about
anything they were talking about and
everything they were talking about kind
of seeing that I don't know the word in
English
like what's the working language
over flawless which is they only talk to
things that don't matter and I'm not
saying you have to talk about important
stuff all the time like you can
obviously talk and small
stuff they talked about things that are
like so insignificant that I don't even
know what to add yeah there's there's
nothing for me to grab you know do I
think for another second
I Ingrid I'm sensing a lot of tension
between judging something and wanting
that thing like I can almost sense like
in your mind like a sense of you don't
really want to be feminine like you want
to be feminine but you don't really care
to be found them you know it's like
there's a part of you that like wants to
wear dresses and there's a part of you
that's like completely happy being
masculine and like it's kind of shallow
and like makeup is sort of silly but at
the same time you want it yeah it's it's
I kind of disagree with you on that
because um I'm sure he didn't mean it
like that but I feel like the way you
said that sounds like more important
thoughts are more like masculine while
shallow things are feminine that's what
I heard I know I didn't mean it like
that
that's it interesting let me just think
about that for a second yeah do you feel
that way though no I don't okay do you
do you judge yourself for wanting to be
more feminine
kind of but kind of not yes just kind of
not because I feel like it's it's a
normal thing like when you are happy
with the gender you are I I guess it's
normal to feel like you want to look
like that genders sure no of course let
me ask you something when you were at
that birthday party did you feel left
out yeah that did you feel I know this
is gonna sound kind of weird but
disproportionate mm-hmm did you feel
like a goblin not physically at that
time but I guess like mentally I felt
like I didn't wasn't supposed to be
there didn't belong - yeah
so when I when I think about not so I
don't I'm not supposed to be here and
and like I can almost envision when you
put on a dress there's a part of your
mind that says I'm not supposed to wear
this like this isn't me well yeah it's I
don't know how to describe it it's uh it
is what you're saying it's true okay so
yeah so so I think it's kind of
interesting because you know I guess
this is this is where I sort of I didn't
use good words and thank you for
pointing out you know where you disagree
but I guess I get a sense of like
there's a part of you that wants this
and there's a part of you that judges
that that's what I'm sensing that you
want to wear a dress
I get that you're sensing that that's
not what I meant
um I'm not saying like femininities
shallow because they're not it is I know
so so I think that wasn't a good example
so so I'm trying to clarify so I think
that like you want to wear a gendered
dress but you also judge yourself for
wearing a dress
all right let's forget about shallowness
and femininity for a moment but just
that there's a part of you that like
wants it and there's a part of you that
blames you for like trying to have it
Hey
that's a better way to put it hmm is
that fair
oh yeah I want to I want to feel okay
wearing feminine stuff yep and when did
you start judging yourself or when did
you start thinking that it's not like
it's awkward or it's not you to wear or
be feminine wear feminine things are to
be feminine when did that start kind of
always been like that it's it's always
been like that that I it's just been
it's been always been a part of my
personality to not be feminine right and
not just good not just to me
so everyone yeah fine so I'm not talking
about whether it's been a part I'm
asking when did you start judging
yourself for it oh right because you're
also saying that used to be perfectly
fine like being a tomboy but at some
point that changed right at some point
you started to become less okay with
like being more masculine and less
feminine is that basically around
puberty no I guess it was last year of
high school
maybe second-year high school
we're taking her 30 what happened then
what happened tell me about that I don't
know watch it I I don't know um I just I
remember its it kind of went like slow I
what I thought I remember one day I
thought maybe I want to wear makeup
today
to school just because I think makeup
can be can it looks like it can be fun
you know I didn't do it but and it's
just like my thoughts like I just
started coming yeah why didn't you do it
I think it's very helpful tell me why
didn't you do it because I didn't first
of all I knew everyone in class well not
everyone people in class and my friend
would comment on it
like doesn't matter if it was positive
or negative they would notice it and
comment on it if I showed up at school
with Mike what does that mean to you
they kind of wished I just wish they
wouldn't have said anything they just
let me wear makeup and not say anything
about it I didn't want I didn't want
people wouldn't notice it why did you
want to be noticed why do you want to be
invisible
I never I've never liked it
I don't like being noticed
well I a lot of being noticed by people
very close to me but everyone else is I
don't I don't want to be noticed by
people I'm fine with just like walking
through and not be noticed yeah that is
queer question is what does it mean to
be notice to you what happens when
people notice you I get embarrassed why
what where did you where did you learn
that noticing comes with it being
noticed
comes with embarrassment it's just like
I've thought about this before and like
I can't put it into words
but best way I can describe it is like
if I enter a room you know how when if
you're in a room and someone else enters
room you immediately like look at them
just because that's what you do I just
hate the thought of entering a room and
being aware that other people in the
room is aware that I just entered the
room even if they don't care I entered
the room even if it don't look I mean I
just hate thought of the people being
aware of me how long have you been like
that
since I was like I don't remember
exactly like 12 13 14 maybe did you have
a crush on anyone in high school not
really I never really thought about
stuff like that have you ever had a
crush on anyone well okay now gonna say
something but I have a boyfriend so it's
yeah that's a whole other story but like
before him I never had any interest in
anyone romantically I never even had a
celebrity crush how do you understand
that what do you mean how does one
understand like so like most people you
know tend to have a crush at some point
during high school hmm right so if
you're not if you don't have a crush
during high school then what do you
think is up with that I think it's
because when I notice in my relationship
now I how do I say this I don't I
honestly think my boyfriend is handsome
but I really really care about looks
this arm that looks thing cares about
looks like a normal person like do you
ever know why he's with you yeah all the
time
I ask him all the time what is he saying
he say cuz I love you what is that how
do you feel when he says that
I mean it makes me feel happy because
cuz like personality-wise why it's sure
but looks I don't know why he stays
doesn't do better yeah so I mean does
that doesn't sort of make sense that he
says because I love you not because
you're beautiful
what do you mean like so does he ever
does he ever comment on your appearance
do you know and how do you feel when he
does that he does seat a lot and I I say
he's a good boyfriend well yeah he I say
thank you but it's like I I don't
believe it it's like he's just saying it
because he has to because it's my
boyfriend
[Music]
how are you feeling right now talking
about this I hate calm like I was so
stressed before the stream but it's it's
fine now what is it like talking about
it I've done it so many times with
professionals that I just I've said
these sentences before so it's it's fine
what's I don't working with
professionals I don't notice I've been
unlucky with the professionals I've been
set up with but I it's been terrible
what's been terrible about it
it's they will I've never felt like that
actually try to understand what it feels
like it's been more like they've I
almost felt like a test subject that
like Adam no which is one of the reasons
why I applied to be on stream because I
feel like you talk differently than the
ones I found him so you're saying it
feels like a being a test object how so
[Music]
because they and they've told me so many
times like this is the way that we have
seen is working and etc that's why we're
doing this but it's it's they asked me
tons of questions that I feel like
doesn't get me thinking at all because
they're just asking questions I've
already asked told them the answer to
but they're not they're not connecting
that together so I just feel like I'm
repeating what I've already said I feel
like I am explaining I I'm explaining
how I feel to them and then they are
trying to understand it but they're not
our state they're not it feels like I'm
the one you're the expert in the room
yeah if you look on the expert I'm gonna
be getting anything from you sure yeah
that's what it's been with the
professional stuffing gravy are you ugly
I think I am wasn't the coin I think I
am what is there doubt oh really
so I'll ask you again are you ugly yeah
how long have you been ugly I guess
since puberty
I feel like children aren't Oakley
there's children oh sure what are we
gonna do about that I don't know I have
no idea
hmm
do you think it's possible for me to
convince you that you're not ugly I
think it's possible to feel less ugly
but not no not not ugly okay
do you think you can live a happy life
if you are ugly yeah do you are you
happy usually not but what gets in the
way of your happiness like I've um
during this whole quarantine thing I've
felt a bit better because I don't have
to go out but um I don't know it's as I
said before just the thought of people
are aware of me you know did you have a
problem being noticed when you were a
kid like I didn't get attention or
something no you didn't like attention I
never liked the tension so do you really
think your problem do you wish that your
mom had taught you how to put on makeup
or your sister time you put on makeup
when you were in high school no not
really
it's um I don't know how to answer that
because I wish I had just done it and I
thought that they had pushed it on me
perfect that makes sense
okay Ingrid I'm gonna share a couple of
thoughts with you if that's okay I feel
like I could ask you more questions but
I'm not so sure that they would get
anywhere so I'd like to share some
thoughts with you and then get a sense
of whether you think we're on the right
track or not and then we can try to
figure out where to go from here hmm
so the first is I think it's very
strange that you the way that you
describe your high school experience
like and maybe this is just me
projecting my own high school experience
but I think it's very strange that you
were not attracted or had a crush on a
single person during high school what do
you think about that I know it's strange
because like even if you don't have a
huge crush on someone people usually
have like people day
absolutely hormones right yeah I
never really liked that you you started
getting your period and stuff sometime
around high school well way earlier than
that but really do you know when girls
get their periods
yeah well how old were you when you got
your period sirki okay so but a high
school is 14 right oh no my country is
16 so oh god okay so so you got your
period when you were 13 and then did you
notice changes in your body around that
time too I'm yeah did people treat you
differently around that time no did
people treat other girls differently
around that time like did the boys treat
other girls differently around that time
I don't I don't really know okay I don't
know okay it's I don't think so okay so
let's kind of go back to high school and
let's let's kind of toss in what ever
was before high school too so I just
think it's a little bit strange also
that you said that like during high
school you really didn't have any
friends and you were okay with in high
school or before in high school yeah
that also strikes me as a little bit
strange okay because my understanding is
that most people so it's not that
strange to not have friends in high
school what strikes me is a little bit
stranger is to not want friends in high
school I was just I was just have been
doing my school work that's I understand
that you were happy doing your school
work but I think that you were let me
put it a different way would you say
that you are comfortable doing your
school work comfortable yes yeah in high
school would you say you were
uncomfortable on interacting with other
people yeah usually yeah yeah right so
yeah so I mean that also is not like a
like you know that applies to pretty
much everyone but what I'm noticing in
you in grid and and just try to take a
step back and just like like try it as
best as you can to listen to what I'm
saying pull yourself out of your own
shoes for a second and what it sounds to
me like is you actually have you
probably have things going on within you
that you're not really aware of or don't
remember so I think that this comes down
to comfort and discomfort and that you
let yourself you you're kind of like you
strike me as somewhat avoidant right
like if things make you uncomfortable
it's like really hard which is why I
think it's so awesome that you actually
came on stream that's insane but
that that you know you tend to shy away
from things that make you uncomfortable
which is a completely normal thing for
human beings to do but in your case I
think you've even shied away from some
of your thoughts and feelings from a
young
and that like I don't think that you
suddenly develop body dysmorphia at the
age of like seven I mean people do you
get diagnosed with it because it becomes
it becomes like problematic like you
said a year or two ago like that's when
it you use the word Pete right like when
you talked about bodies this morphe you
said it peaked like a year ago
but that still implies that it started
way before that but whenever I ask you
questions about like you know how did
you feel about your appearance and
sometimes you can give me answers that
maybe are the ones that I'm looking for
like when we think about that party in
high school that you got invited to
there's so much laced into there the
first is that like and I want you to
notice like you even have such a low
opinion of yourself that you say the
only reason she invited me is because
she invited everyone else do you see
that like it's like you're not even
worth inviting does that make sense like
in your mind as you tell the story it's
like there's no reason she would want to
invite me you're not worth and great and
you kind of say well we weren't really
friends but she invited everyone else so
she must have invited me and like that
may be true but the point here and this
is the really interesting thing is that
some people who are most people who find
themselves being unhappy or like not
something in their life isn't going well
they usually blame someone else right
mm-hmm and and so but then when I ask
you a question and it's kind of
interesting that you know your mom isn't
so feminine and your sister is like
pretty feminine that you don't really
blame them you blame yourself
and so what I'm detecting at the bar at
the bottom of all of this whether you
call it body dysmorphia are not being
feminine or whatever is a sense that
like you are not like worthwhile in some
fundamental way that you are not worth
inviting to a party that you recognize
and I think the cool thing is that there
are parts of you that recognize that
like you have Worth is a human being and
I doesn't seem it seems like I get the
sense that it's not alien that there's
there's a guy out there who loves you
that's not alien to you right like that
doesn't feel weird or does it
well no um what feels alien to you is
that there's a guy who's attracted to
you physically yeah and and so it's kind
of interesting because I think you have
parts of you that recognized that like
you're a decent person and you're you're
fine and stuff like that but there's
this undercurrent of like assumption
that you're not gonna get invited to a
birthday party like unless they're
inviting they're just doing it to be
polite and and I think that that this is
where we've gotta really like I'm
wondering what other so as we try to
understand why you have these feelings
or where these feelings come from by the
way do you want to jump in or comment
listen I'm on the right track wrong
track makes sense doesn't make sense it
makes sense yeah so the basic issue is
we talk to you about like body
dysmorphia and feminism not feminism but
like feminist femininity femininity
thank you
you know like it's like I feel like
we're missing some piece of the puzzle
here like you could describe certain
feelings and you can say okay but like
there's just some things that seem like
gaps to me and what I think is going on
is that you're probably moving away from
certain thoughts or feelings because
they make you uncomfortable which is
bizarre because like you wouldn't expect
that right because like now you're
you're telling us things like when I
look in the mirror I feel
disproportionate I feel like I'm a
goblin like I feel like I like you know
you're because you're saying lots of
stuff that makes us makes it appear like
you're giving us a transparent look at
your mind which you are but I think
what's missing is that you didn't always
know how to do that right like as as the
body dysmorphia crystallizes in your
mind you can give us a more transparent
view of what's going on in your mind
make sense so I don't think you're
hiding things from us it's just that I
think this started a long time ago and
you have like very little awareness of
it like in high school yeah so in a
bizarre way I think the way forward is
to really tunnel down because I think
there's there are some things that
somewhere along the way like people made
you feel like you do not you're not
feminine like I don't think and I think
some of it was tomboyish but I would
guess that there is some insignificant
events in your mind that actually were
quite significant
I should also probably say I forgot to
said I have had comments said to me in
high school schools about my appearance
negatively yeah so but here's the
question so I think here's the turning
point Ingrid when so at some point those
comments I think hurt you because you
didn't believe it that about yourself
and at some point you started to believe
those things about yourself does that
make sense like it's bizarre because at
one point those probably hurt you but
now if someone tries to tell you the
opposite it's hurtful it flipped yeah
that's exactly cuz I remember I didn't
really care that much when they told me
the things but somewhere along the way
something flipped and I think if you
want to get free of all the that's
where you have to find you have to find
that point it's like I'm gonna just say
this again because I think it may be
just to clarify and think out loud so
like now when someone calls you pretty
you're like you you're wrong but
there used to be a time where someone
called you ugly and you said you
you're wrong yeah and so I wouldn't say
I wouldn't say that I didn't think that
they were wrong I just didn't really
care so much so that two strikes me as
somewhat like numb right so uh so I I
find it hard to believe like you say
that you don't care about a lot of stuff
that's very surprising to me like you
said you didn't care I mean you don't
and it's possible you don't care but I
think oftentimes not caring is a sign of
numbness right like not caring is not
feeling and so I think that that too is
like a protective mechanism that you
numb that part of you you suppress those
feelings and then you end up with the
words I don't care because if something
hurts us one of the best ways we can
protect ourselves is to not care yeah
but my sense is that every time you say
I don't care
there's actually a little bit of hurt
and that if you want to get free from
the body dysmorphia you have to start by
like figuring out in what ways that
actually did hurt because not caring is
the way that you protect yourself right
like oh like when my dad was supposed to
pick me up on the weekend and we were
supposed to go to a baseball game
together he didn't show up
oh I don't care right hmm when my
parents picked me up an hour late and I
was the last kid at school every day I
didn't care I was fine with that and
this is where like it really bizarrely
like you know I mean not to you know
things up even more but even the
way that you approach your feelings is
incredibly masculine how what do you
mean because you your standard answer is
I don't care well yeah I I I'm admitted
that I care now yeah yeah I get that I'm
not trying to blame you for saying I
don't care I'm I'm pointing out that
like somewhere along the way how are you
feeling right now am i attacking you no
it's fine okay you sure yeah I don't
care there it is again so now now Ingrid
we're gonna do a little bit of work I
want you to tunnel down because I don't
think you 100% don't care okay I think
something that I'm saying is creating a
little bit of negative emotion in you I
don't know if you're angry at me I don't
know if you're frustrated if you're sad
if you think I'm wrong I think there's
something there I can see something in
your face okay what do you what do you
think that could be do you really not
care are you are you asking me if I care
about how you just said my way of
approaching feelings are masculine just
all of it well yeah I care I don't
really care about what you just said but
okay else I care are you four pence on
what we're talking about sure very very
fair
sir as I've been speaking to you have
you noticed any kinds of emotions um I
can't even like name them I don't yep
I don't I guess I have but I I they're
not being like super strong yeah yeah so
that so Ingrid I think that in that's
where you need to go right because I
think what's going on is you have
actually a lot of stuff you have a very
rich internal environment but the
problem is that when I listen to your
description of your internal environment
it's very like it has a couple of
different colors one is that Ingrid like
looks weird right
and then like Angra doesn't care about a
lot of things and Ingrid want certain
things and then it makes you feel
uncomfortable when you put on the dress
like what does that mean discomfort is
not actually an emotion no so when you
put on a dress do you feel ashamed of
yourself mm-hmm
is that like something that you're kind
of like do you know so what else like
why do you feel ashamed of yourself when
you put on a dress well I feel ashamed
yeah well where's one thing is as I said
earlier like how dare you young and so
what is that emotion it's just like I'm
not I can't
me I can't wear a dress because I am me
and who are you I'm I'm a girl I can't
wear feminine stuff I think there's more
to it than that the problem is that I
don't I can't name it yeah right like
there's there's some kind of like
loathing there
does that word make sense or fit at all
I'm not sure with loathing means
loathing is almost like hatred okay yeah
do you have some degree of like hatred
towards yourself well yeah okay this is
the way said well like obviously is that
is that new for you or like you've
always known that all along it's it's
not new but it hasn't been there okay
when did you start hating yourself
probably a high school like second year
maybe see it like it's interesting
because you can give me specific answers
you can say this happened to the third
or fourth year this happened in the
first year this happened in the second
year and so what happened to your second
year of high school what happened that
you started hating yourself don't know
if it's I um I was like in high school I
was I was scribed I guess I was kind of
arrogant high school absolutely and I
knew that wasn't a thing and I didn't
like that why were you Merrigan why are
people arrogant because I think they're
better than others that's why I don't
know no no
so people that's what arrogance looks
like but people are arrogant because
they're afraid they're not better than
others they're afraid they're not normal
right so arrogance actually comes from a
lack of self confidence
okay I did not move yeah so so generally
speaking the way that I view arrogant
said I don't know if you've seen me talk
about Vedic psychology have you seen me
in any of that stuff I probably have so
I think you're a very classic case of
like Vedic psychology to like understand
you so I'll try to give you a very quick
primer so we have three parts of our
mind five
but let's explain three so one is your
emotional mind one is your ego and one
is your rational mind so your emotional
mind experiences emotions and then your
ego usually steps in to try to protect
you from your emotions so like your ego
will do things like oh you know if I
fail a test I'm gonna call the teacher a
dumbass for writing such a poorly
written test does that make sense like
I'm not going to just because the idea
that oh I actually failed or unstopping
is so painful my ego kind of turns on
and starts blaming other people now in
your case I think that your arrogance
like if you were arrogant in high school
like that's strange right like I'm just
I want I want to just paint you the
picture that we have a view Ingrid and
maybe I'm assuming but I would imagine
to echad has this like you're like shy
you're like the sort of like the quiet
kid like you don't really have a whole
lot of friends you spend you enjoy
studying you're kind of a tomboy
you're not very feminine you're not
flirtatious you're not confident you're
kind of the kid that's invisible and
it's strange to think of the kid who's
invisible is arrogant but the kid who's
invisible absolutely is arrogant right
because most of twitch at is invisible
in school and arrogant all the
way the most arrogant they have very
very strongly held opinions they're
smarter than everyone else they have
super high IQs and they're
arrogant and they judge other people and
they feel left out and they're invisible
and people don't invite them to parties
and they just get invited to parties
because like they're a person who's
inviting you is being polite making
sense so that arrogance is protective
because like the alternative is if
you're not arrogant in those situations
then you just feel awful because it
like I'm a no one no one likes me like
you can either be arrogant and and sort
of say like oh these people all suck at
life I'm smarter than they are or you
can say no one really likes me and I
don't have any friends
so that makes sense it's really mundane
read your facial expressions right now
oh sorry no no it's okay I mean I'm not
blaming you I'm just commenting so I I
don't know like if I'm I don't know if
I'm you're buying what I'm selling I
can't tell but I am because it's
illogical it's not yeah but I mean
buying what I'm selling is not about
logic is it resonating with you it's
okay to say not really um a little bit
I'm not sure actually you're not sure if
it's resonating uh no no you're not sure
or I'm not sure if you're not sure okay
yeah hmm so that so I don't know if I'm
off the mark or whether you're just numb
to whether things are resonating it's
hard for me to tell but I'd guess that
I'm off the mark no it's more like um no
more like you're numb yeah yeah
so let me just kind of let me take a
step back and just think for a second so
Ingrid it so first of all I think that
you can I don't think so commenting on
your appearance I think is like how can
I say this
so I think you can start to feel better
about yourself I absolutely think it's
possible and I think it's because this I
I don't know I mean maybe you can do
some kind of like CVT kind of stuff or
something like that there appear tickly
and I have one or two suggestions for
you from from a very practical
standpoint about how the process of your
mind works and how thoughts function in
your mind but the first thing is that if
you want to not feel this way and you
want to feel comfortable wearing a dress
you've got a couple of options one is to
do exactly what you did today which is
that today you want it to be invisible
your concern that you are
disproportionate when you came on stream
and you showed your face and somehow you
were able to like take those feelings
that you have and essentially say it
doesn't matter
so like the question is when you're with
your boyfriend can you come to a place
of peace and kind of accept that it
doesn't matter whether he finds you
attractive or not are you okay with that
no not yet no right so so this is this
is the kind this is one solution is that
you can you can start to learn
detachment and like to not let your
feelings dictate how you behave what do
you feel well I feel like you're
shutting down kind of M yeah what's that
I don't know let's talk about that this
is exactly what we're talking about I've
been losing you for a little while now
right yeah I don't know how to put it
into words I guess it's uh I I'm just I
don't know it's
I'm listening to you and sure what
you're saying is true but okay what
about it
so what it what is that Ingrid I think
this is very important
and we have to understand what what is
what is the but I I don't know it
doesn't do anything it's okay it's like
okay now I know this cool I know this
yeah so what I'm curious about is like
when did that change when it when I
started explaining things maybe yeah I
think so I don't know why because it's
not like I'm not I'm not
it's not like I'm disagreeing with what
you're saying I get that you're not
disagreeing I just don't think you're
buying what I'm selling which is fine
I'm not I think we need to understand
why that is so what am I missing Ingrid
what is it that I don't know like here's
what I'm sensing from you now you can
say whatever you want it's completely
logical but it doesn't apply to me
because what what do you mean like like
I'm envisioning in your mind the the the
body language and facial expressions
that you're sending my way tell me in my
in my mind I'm imagining the thought in
your mind is all this is fantastic but
it doesn't apply to me because something
well yeah because
I'm not really allowing myself to have a
problem I guess I'm not really it feels
like you are describing someone with
body dysmorphia that it doesn't apply to
me
yep and like that's making me doubt like
do I have bought a dysmorphia but why
doesn't that apply to you what's
different about the people that I'm
talking about the person that you are I
wish I could answer better I don't um
take take your time
[Music]
like I'm just me and I'm me and garden
stuff that's going to be absolutely why
not what's different about you what's
special about you tell me about how
you're different from other people I
wouldn't say I'm different I would sound
very average no I don't think so oh
because you're saying that what I'm
saying applies to other people but
doesn't apply to use there's got to be
something different about you see this
is what your mind does it jumps in and
logically discounts whatever you're
feeling like how are you feeling you're
different because you're just telling me
that like you're you just told me that
everything I'm saying applies to people
with body dysmorphia but it doesn't
apply to you and then when I asked you
in what way are you different you say
I'm just average fine but like what how
are you different why does why does
everything that I have to say not help
you at all
I feel like you're expecting me to have
some answer and I'll explain it but I
don't I just don't feel like it applies
to me because
[Music]
I guess maybe because I'm never really
maybe it's because I've never been like
a part of like I've never been a part of
the girls and I've never been a part
with the guys so like if I have a
problem with not fitting in then that's
just like normal I don't know let me try
to put your dude good Ingrid you're
doing good you feeling frustrated yes
okay good so I think you're doing
fantastic I'm letting you flounder by
the way because a lot of the a lot of
times when you said that you you haven't
had words I don't know if you notice but
I jump in and I offer you explanations
but I don't think that's actually
helping us so I think you've got to
learn how to flounder and I know it
makes you feel uncomfortable and now I'm
gonna reflect back what I heard from you
what I can say sounds wonderful and
logical but it applies to normal people
it applies to people who have body
dysmorphia and or women or body
dysmorphia and or men but like I'm an
outsider
everything that you say applies to the
insiders and I'm an outsider what do you
think about that is that fair I'd mean
fair like is that act like a fair
representation of how you feel yeah I
think so so would it be fair to say that
like I just can't really help you or
understand because I've worked with a
bunch of people who are insiders or I
myself in an insider and I just won't be
able to understand you so can you repeat
that
yeah like would it be fair to say that
and I notice it's gonna sound weird so I
really want you to think before you
answer okay that like I'm not going to
be able to help you because I'm just not
going to be able to understand you
because you're just an outsider
it's
I mean I first of all I think like
unless you had a unless you've had body
dysmorphia you never truly understand I
completely agree everything but that
goes without saying I guess I'm gonna
but um I completely lost maternal
that's okay
ah I think you've been working hard
cognitively for the last hour or more
yeah and how do you feel about just sort
of I know it's gonna be kind of
unsatisfying but how do you feel about
kind of winding down sure okay if if you
if you don't have anything more to add
then I guess it's no point
I can try to share some closing thoughts
I just don't think that we're gonna
crack this today because that's what
body dysmorphia is like so here's Ingrid
here's what I would suggest to you if
you're interested in suggestions the
first is that like I think you've got to
go back to high school and try to really
figure out why if there were things that
you felt which you weren't aware of yeah
and and i think that something about
that is because i think it comes down to
this idea of like one thing swept right
when did when did other people when did
you have a view of yourself that was not
ugly let's not focus on pretty for a
second but just there was a time at
which you didn't really think about
ugliness versus prettiness right and
then there was a time where you started
believing that you were ugly or
disproportionate right hmm and so I
think if you want to be free of this
thing which I think it's possible and I
know you
I imagine you disagree then you have to
go back to like that point and try to
explore where the flip happened because
now you are sure like you kind of talked
about when you say I talk about people
with body dysmorphia you don't even
think you have body dysmorphia right
it goes up yeah officials have told me
and when I feel like even is it like
I've had a good day today
I haven't been fun at all today good so
this has been a good day but when I have
those bad days which is a lot I
definitely think I have it but it's like
I definitely think I have it then but
it's I'm still kind of not allowing
myself to have it so that also like is
that something you were aware of like
they're not allowing yourself to have it
I a little bit okay because I think
that's huge - because I think this comes
back to judgement and allowing yourself
to feel certain ways which also kind of
goes back to high school but I think
that this is really really important
that you you know you're not willing to
cut yourself a break does that make
sense like you're not willing to say
like this is not okay because there's a
part of you that doesn't believe that
this is an illness there's a part of you
just that just believes that the rest of
the world is wrong they just don't
understand right like it's not yet
anyone sick here it's just that they
just can't use their eyes yeah
right and and that's how you feel right
it's like like well even when I say oh
you can be free of this one day there's
a part of you that I think rebels
against that and says this guy doesn't
if I the second I say that I've lost you
because you're like there's no way to be
free of this because it's fact it's like
how can you be free of gravity you can't
ever be free of gravity and start flying
there's no there's no universe in which
I'm gonna wake up one day and I'm not
gonna feel this way about myself because
this is true hmm and that's the not
allowing and it's very very dangerous
and I think this kind of comes back to
comfort and discomfort because if you
don't allow yourself to be better then
you don't ever have to face the dress
yeah and so I think the real challenge
here is like like because when you when
you when you when you accept that you're
ugly and you're not feminine sure it
hurts but like you can deal with that
the possibility that you could be
beautiful and if you put on a dress and
you put on makeup and and did your hair
or whatever like whatever feminine ideal
of beauty that you have the possibility
that you're actually beautiful like what
do you think about that does that
thought scare you
not really I feel like I feel like what
you're thinking right now is like I
would I would just be happy if I was
just content with being ugly but if I
could feel beautiful then yeah that
would be great I don't think that I
don't think you would be content I mean
you can learn to be content being ugly
that's one path but I I think that
there's a part of you that's not
allowing yourself to be beautiful
because something about that is like
frightening to you and like well it's
it's frightening in the sense that I um
I have worn a dress like in public and
recently but like last year and that was
scary what's scary about it I feel out
of place
it's uh no one said anything negative no
one really said anything about it at all
except my boyfriend you almost became
invisible yeah yeah so Ingrid I I think
it's gonna be hard like I think you have
to allow yourself the possibility of
being pretty but I don't think you want
to do that right
like I think there are two pieces one is
that you there's a part of you that
thinks that it's impossible to be pretty
and I think there's another part of you
that doesn't allow yourself to try to be
pretty I've tried to feel pretty but it
hasn't worked and if I go on I just feel
so anxious yeah so very practically have
you done exposure therapy before No
so very practically you may want to try
that right so like just because you go
out and you don't feel pretty like what
happens the next day like could you wear
a dress like what would happen if you I
mean I think you should consider seeing
a therapist because I think this is in I
mean this is tough so having worked with
people with body dysmorphia I can tell
you that it's probably the most
challenging patient population I've ever
worked with
okay why is it because I think in their
minds things are not flexible like it's
not it's not an issue of like there's no
exploration it's just facts so I was I
worked with some like body builders and
boy that's just really hard yeah they
are they're the most in-shape people
they look artificial like they don't
even look like real humans and yet it's
not good enough and it takes a long long
time to figure out like where to date
like so in Ingrid which you've got to
figure out it's like I'm not disputing
the fact that you're ugly I'm not
disputing that because that doesn't do
you any good
my question is when did that start when
did you learn because what you've really
got to do is go back to the point where
like you when you say you didn't care
like there was like sure you like the
reason you didn't care is because it
hurt you to hear that
right so I want you to translate I don't
care into I'm suppressing this emotion
and it's numbing me like there's no
way that you can tell a
thirteen-year-old that they're ugly or
make fun of them or like call them not
feminine and that they don't care so
that make sense yeah like it hurts them
hmm
but you're not aware of that hurt and so
this thing this body dysmorphia has been
growing within you for a long time and
you only noticed it when it became very
very severe but it started a long time
ago and what I can tell you is that if
you can understand like if you can go
back to an Ingrid who did actually feel
not even pretty but like could just
completely neutral about her appearance
didn't care
didn't think about other people when she
went on in public with a dress because
that part of you exists right like you
did that one day and try to figure out
like how did you like when you were 9
years old like did you wear dresses and
go outside no when I was 9 when I was
younger because my mom picked my clothes
so right so like this may go even
further back than high school so part of
the reason that we may not find the
answer there is like when did use when
did you start to like really give up
your femininity and this when you say
like that I think like it was very early
but when I did it it it when I did it it
didn't really matter because like it was
a mix of like I it's fine and also it's
a bit cool to be a tomboy fine yeah so
so I I don't know that like so my point
is that I think you got a lore of this
stuff and if you're willing to see a
therapist again I think the main thing
to look for is to try to find like you
know all these times when you say you
didn't care because someone said
something to you I think it was actually
hurtful
and then at some point they didn't need
to say it to you and the reason it hurts
is because like
you didn't believe that about yourself
mm-hmm
and once you started believing yourself
about yourself then it no longer hurts
when people call you I go right like
even when you say you just wish your
boyfriend would call you ugly and get it
over with yeah I tell him that right so
at some point like my point is that
there was one point in your life where
you when someone insulted your
appearance and you said I don't care but
you did care you were just suppressing
the hurt and then at some point that
changed and it was no longer like but in
order for you to be hurt by someone
calling you ugly you have to have a
belief about yourself that you're not
going with me
hmm and then at some point that belief
about yourself changed and you have to
undo whatever that damages yeah and I
think that's something that you probably
need to work with someone like a
therapist but in a targeted fashion
where you need to steer them instead of
listening to all their about
body dysmorphia that's I did try and do
because I've been talking to a therapist
but I stopped because I didn't want to
she was terrible and I did try to go to
like an up an organization for students
that offers very cheap therapy sessions
and I waited there and I waited there
for like 40 minutes he called me in he
asked me like what what do you what's up
and I explained it to him and five
minutes later he just said not we can't
help you and he said no way so I I don't
know where to go okay well I mean we
don't offer therapy but our recovery
coach program is about to launch in a
week or two and if you're interested you
can try to work with one of our coaches
I wonder if they'll be able to help you
I mean I don't think they'll be able to
help you with their body dysmorphia but
I wonder if they'll be able to help you
in some other ways like in terms of
understanding the way your mind works
and things like that but I would also
give therapy another shot
it sounds really really awful I don't
know why someone would say after five
minutes we can't help you like I don't
know what did you tell that I I told
them that I hope body dysmorphia and I
spend a lot of time worrying about my
parents and it's exhausting
and I don't know what to do and the
thing is like I think he was very busy
real in a hurry so it like it almost
felt like he just wanted to like as
quickly as possible just like getting
out that's awful
yeah because he he he was 40 minutes
late when I got there I explained he
just he just he didn't do anything he
just he looked so he was just waiting
for me to leave and when I was finished
I was like ya know that we don't do that
Ingrid knew something yep how did that
make you feel
I was shocked cuz like even though I
haven't been happy with the therapist
earlier they have never just dismiss me
like that how does it feel to be
dismissed it feels like what I'm
thinking it's not valid at all so I
called my boyfriend and told him and he
gave them an angry call and yeah I was
thinking how does it feel to have your
thoughts and your feelings not be taken
seriously you're suffering to not be
taken seriously it's
it's kind of demoralizing like
absolutely I'm really in a weird way
Ingrid I'm really happy to hear you say
that because the answer can you guess
what answer I was afraid of I don't care
it's beautiful
so I think that's a step in the right
direction to be completely honest I
think to be rejected and to recognize
that you were hurt by rejection is
actually like really really important
cuz I think the point here is that like
you started to develop a view about
yourself because just think about this
for a second you got rejected time and
time and time again in all manner of
tiny tiny ways about your appearance
about your femininity about not being
invited to birthday parties parties and
each of those points something started
to grow within you it was like this evil
evil seed of body dysmorphia and since
you were so good at ignoring it all the
time it just continued to grow and grow
and grow and grow and grow until at this
point can't ignore it anymore it's
gigantic
it's blocking out all of your windows
and you can't get out of your house
because it's there it's all around you
and it feels so real to you because this
is it's like it's in every part
of your mind and you have good days and
you have bad days and the good days you
forget but the tree is still there it's
like just because I choose not to look
out the window and I don't see the tree
doesn't mean the tree has gone away but
I do think that there's hope for you I
think it just involves going back to
like understanding each time that you
you know felt those little injuries and
you let that tree grow going back and
undoing that a little bit can I can I
hear your opinion on something else I
don't know if it relates to this go for
it
but I was I served in the Navy uh-huh
and during that time it was like first I
went to boot camp and so obviously like
we got up at 5:00 worked so hard all day
done at 8 p.m. mm-hm
so like what I experienced there
[Music]
what I experienced there was I during
the day when we were like things were
constantly happening there was no brakes
I did not think about any of this hmm
and I didn't feel numb but I don't feel
like I changed how I interact sure
beautiful so but once like we we were
done for the day and we got to do
whatever we want I just broke down just
cried in the bathroom and in the bed
avoided people and I don't know why yeah
it's uh yeah so what do you remember
what yeah I can see you even getting
emotional thinking about it yeah I
started having panic attacks like pretty
frequently during that time hmm do you
still have panic attacks not really um
not lately
okay so Ingrid I think that makes a lot
of sense to me but I think it's maybe
hard to explain so in the past on stream
I've talked about this principle of
whack-a-mole with mental health issues
so I'm gonna have to explain a little
bit of context is that okay mm-hmm so in
my work with people with borderline
personality disorders so this is a
particular condition where people don't
have a clear sense of their internal
sense of self they don't know who they
are on the inside and so what happens is
the way that they feel about themselves
is the way that they're treated so if
I'm empty on the inside when I look on
the outside the way that other people
treat me determines Who I am as a person
does that make sense with me so people
with BPD tend to
have three behaviors sometimes that all
kind of it's hard because they'll
they'll have drug problems so they'll
drink alcohol or use drugs they'll do
self injurious behavior like cutting so
they'll cut themselves or burn
themselves with cigarettes or things
like that
or they'll have very restricted eating
behaviors so they'll you know they'll be
had that's it by the way okay so we're
gonna get to that okay so why what
happens with BPD is that anytime you try
to treat one of these problems the other
ones get worse so when they go to like
when they get into eating disorder
treatment their drug use and their
cutting gets worse if you hospitalized
them where they can't cut and you take
away all their razor blades and they
don't have access to drugs they stop
eating their food in the hospital so
it's almost like anything that you fix
makes the other ones worse so the ways
and I want huh it's Lakmal so I think
what's going on with you Ingrid is oddly
enough it doesn't surprise me that you
have restrictive eating and other that
does Navy experience because I think
your mind has a particular way of like
processing and managing your emotions
and what it does is it beats the
out of you that's what it does so you
have some like thoughts and feelings
which like the only way that you know
and I want you to think about this for a
second
when you take pictures of yourself you
are feeding the Beast right like even
though you feel terrible about yourself
there's something incredibly satisfying
about feeding that hunger you're sitting
there and you're watching TV and then
you get hungry and then you start to
snack you pull out your phone and you
take a picture of yourself and then it's
like ooh that was a delicious chip let
me take another one and then another
chip and another chip and another chip
and another chip and even though you
feel on the surface on some degree
terrible about yourself there's
something that feels very satisfying
about it right and then what happens is
you go to boot camp and then
what don't you have
time to do it boot camp is feed this
beast and then you've got these emotions
that are like piled up inside that don't
know what the to do because they're
like hey Ingrid we had a deal we were
gonna beat ourselves up for hours and
hours and hours a day and look in the
mirror so that we can feel these things
and now you're taking that away from us
and then stuff comes flooding back and I
wouldn't be surprised if your eating
behaviors were bad when some other this
was good well yeah yeah so I mean
like going forward I think this still
goes back to this like Ingrid do you get
that like when you were in the Navy like
you didn't have the place to feel those
feelings so they came out it all goes
back to like not really understanding
what you feel you've got all the
that's going on inside you like you know
you have all of these like it's just
stuff that's going on inside you have no
way of dealing with it so you've got to
find someplace to start digging into
that and understanding how you feel
you're incredibly Alexa thymic if you've
heard me talk about that before well
inability to tell what your internal
emotional status okay right and like
half of them huh that doesn't sound good
I mean it's it's a protective mechanism
and video games makeup turn do that to
us too so they're like when you you know
like so let me ask you this when you
play a video game how do you feel I I
don't exactly I just play and have it's
fun exactly right so like like you you
have your video games are a way to get
away from that hungry beast right yeah
yeah so I mean like that's why we played
so I think you're like I think you've
got to start by understanding what your
feelings are and you got to start by
understanding that it's not true it's
just that truth comes from like all of
this pile of you know little like how
does someone
something to be true right they have
experiences over and over and over and
over again until one day you walk
outside and you know how gravity works
hmm so in your case you had a thousand
or 10,000 experiences telling you that
you're an ugly person does that make
sense like you don't just wake up one
day and believe that you're ugly that's
not how it happens no so you were taught
to believe that about yourself in some
way maybe you taught it to yourself and
if you want to be different if you want
to be able to wear a dress again you've
got to like go back and and undo some of
that stuff but it's it's it's weird cuz
I don't know how long are you talking
about yeah I don't know either
I've been hour and a half I've had
comments said to me quite a lot in high
school but like as I said I felt like I
didn't care I probably did care but
abside felt like I didn't care so we're
looking for so sometimes on stream it's
like one thing right one moment in your
case I don't think that you are aware
they still could be one moment but each
one of those things is like a little
like strengthens that beast within you
gives you the idea that Ingrid is like
Ingrid is an ugly person hmm I think
it's gonna take time I mean it's not
like a one one stream kind of thing you
know it's like you got to really dig
into this and you're welcome to join our
programs and stuff we try to teach
people out of meditate and things like
that it's complimentary to therapy if
you decide to engage with a therapist I
would give it another shot I'm sorry
you've had bad experiences unfortunately
that's what we what I hear over and over
and over again
is that mental health resources suck ass
I'm sorry about that yeah yeah I can't
really afford a private one either so it
would be someone the doctor it would be
someone like the doctor set me up with
like one
by the government sure what country
you're on it Norway okay so it's free
here but in my experience they're not
good yeah I'm sorry about that so I mean
we have I mean hopefully we'll be able
to help you out a little bit but anyway
I mean coaching isn't therapy but you
know we can try to teach you some things
like meditation and stuff like that but
by the way do you want to meditate today
sure you can try I don't believe in it
but I can try what do you believe it I
don't even mean well first of all like
it's not really like the way you do the
meditation thing but like we've had a
lot of meditation gym class for some
reason okay and I hate it
what do you I can't sit still I can't I
feel like a physical feeling tingling in
my whole body that's not good
it can't sit still I was excused from
doing it in the end because like I it
hurt it's not great I don't know what's
up with that
yeah buddy that's all suppressed emotion
my friend
oh okay so I want you to understand when
you meditate so I want you to think
about what are you feeling
Ingrid you know what are you feeling
right now yeah I can't put it into words
okay Oh Ingrid okay
sorry no no problem it's I mean it's
just what are we gonna do with you we're
gonna have to do something I'm just
trying to figure out how I'm trying to
think about how to help you and I don't
think and I had something else yes I
thought about when you explained you'll
see so when I take the pictures I
sometimes post the nice one on Instagram
I have a few followers in this room and
I shouldn't do it but I do it cuz
and when I do not I get a lot of
positive response but I don't even
believe that yep so I don't know why I
do why do I do it
like my whole Instagram page with
pictures or like me or what I'm wearing
what I'm doing it like it doesn't feel
like me it doesn't look like me why do
you do it I don't know I've thought
about quitting quitting so many times
but but you can't yeah I always come
back to it I've got an answer for you I
don't know if it's if you're able to
hear it or not because I think Ingrid
you know like there's a war going on in
you one in which you know you're an ugly
person and wonder which you may not be
an ugly person right and and you want
people you're the part of you that knows
that you're not an ugly person is
looking for looking for ammo to continue
fighting yeah but it's hard
yeah what do you think when people will
head us in every night how does your
mind react when you post something
why do you post things on Instagram let
me just ask you what are you looking
like it's hunger right like it's hunger
you feel hungry when you post things on
Instagram I feel hungry and then I feel
ashamed because I I don't I don't really
want to post those pictures cuz I don't
I'm I'm not gonna say I don't care but
like I feel like I don't I don't care
about posting stuff about myself there
it is so very good I want you to really
pay attention to your words right I feel
like I don't care like you don't want to
care but you do care yeah this is thing
you've always cared Ingrid even in high
school you've always cared
you just didn't watch it and you were
better at deluding yourself then because
you had the brain of a 13 year old but
you have always cared and you're just
bursting at the seams in emotion like
now that I'm trying to get off the
stream and end it you're keep on you're
telling me more and more things well
sorry
yeah no no it's okay like I see this too
I think this is part of your pattern
actually that like in a sense like we've
talked for a while and now like I'm
pushing you out the door
right just like that other guy who is
late and you actually have a lot to say
and it's very helpful it's very valuable
I think it just takes some time to get
there in everything that you're telling
me is like reinforcing my idea that you
just have a lot inside you that you just
don't understand hmm
this whole business with the Navy this
whole business of like so when you
meditate I want you to think about this
right now youyou are keeping a lot of
stuff down with pressure in your mind
your mind is working it's
sauce ting being you right I feel like
it it's like so much work to just sit
anywhere for any amount of time doing
anything the only relief that you get is
through distraction but even keeping
those negative feelings down is like
it's like you're pushing and pushing and
pushing and all meditation is is it's
taking the pressure off so whatever is
down there it comes up so when I
meditate with people with a history of
PTSD I'm very careful with how I
meditate with them because if you just
empty their mind it's like a vacuum and
all the trauma comes rushing out in your
case you literally cannot sit still and
you feel physically uncomfortable
because those emotions are coming
rushing out those emotions come out any
which way you can call it body
dysmorphia you can call it shame you
could call it playing excessive video
games this whole thing about taking
pictures of yourself uploading it to
Instagram it's all one thing man
and you've got to like dig into that
somehow I mean I think therapy is a good
way to do it if you want to try to
meditate we can try that cancer one more
thing
yep photo how that's happening huh
things just get up now for an hour you
don't have an answer now it's like oh
what about this good keep going yeah do
you think like I don't want to call it
some sort of like physical trauma can
have anything to do with it you haven't
it's nothing pretty recently like you've
been saying like how all this stuff go
way back you know I'm just like
wondering if something I don't know if
I'll call it traumatic something kind of
traumatic happened recently like how
easily last year did your body
be a peek before this happened no good
piece after it happened
mm-hmm
do you feel comfortable sharing what
happened sure if I don't have to go into
detail sure or you don't have to share
anything I can just comment on what I
think without that but I'd love to hear
you think it'll help if I share because
I can share but well so I tend to do
best when people give me raw data hmm
but I can try to give you a theoretical
answer which may or may not help but so
what I'm so like what we're talking
about is some kind of flip right like
and I don't know where that flip is but
that flip could have been recent so the
point here is that Lane and sometimes
physical trauma can do that so like
there was something that was the way
that I want you to think about this is
like you had a you had a predisposition
or a risk factor for body dysmorphia for
maybe a long time but generally when we
think about mental illness and
diagnosing someone it's usually
something that catalyzes that change so
someone have always been like a little
bit depressed but then when they went
through the divorce is when like the
depression really hits them but you can
kind of see the signs and risk factors
in the the cracks that the divorce that
the depression kind of like breaks
through like you can see the cracks
start to form the weaknesses start to
form early on and then oftentimes it is
an event that sort of like really like
lays people oh yeah and when you say
peak like I'm assuming that that that
that sort of you know that curve started
a long time ago but absolutely you can
kind of be going like this and then go
like this hmm so and we see that like a
lot of times like you know mental
illness gets more severe under a
particular stressor but all of the
foundation of it was there before if
that makes sense
so I do think that a physical trauma
could have a lot to do with it now the
thing that's confusing to me about
physical trauma is that I'm getting a
sense of Worth and value and sense of
self and hatred and shame about you
which I'm surprised to hear relate to
physical trauma unless the physical
trauma was like malevolent in some way
like if someone got into a car accident
I would be really surprised to see this
kind of manifestation I don't I don't
think I should call it physical trauma
actually it wasn't Mormon people but
yeah abso-fucking-lutely yeah it wasn't
it it wasn't like a car crash or
anything yeah so if if it was a physical
I look you can say what you want to or
not say what you don't want to but I'm
just saying I would be surprised if it
was purely a physical trauma seems like
it's not really a physical trauma no I
realize now it wasn't I just I thought
that was the way to describe it but it's
okay sure do you want to tell us what
happened so me and my boyfriend was at a
party and and we were a party with one
of his friends and we all got very drunk
like I never been so drunk in my life
and my boyfriend passed out on because
we were sleeping there we passed out on
the bed and I just I joined him because
I didn't want to be alone in like I
didn't want to be in the party without
him and I I just laid down and I like I
got undressed in a way down and then
and he's my boyfriend's friend came in
the one who was hosting the party and he
started touching me
yeah I think that could be related
have you told anyone that before
I'll just move away
when you think about that what do you
what are you feeling now
I
I sometimes think that I should be happy
hmm
because like he found you desirable but
I didn't want to drop him
you said you sometimes think you should
be happy but how do you feel about that
any of it because when I ask you how you
feel your answer is I should dot dot dot
but I feel girls about it I feel like I
feel disgusting about it yeah and I did
the day after slope because I woke up
and like fill up and say click in my
stomach when you put on a dress
does any of that feeling come up
maybe I haven't really noticed it a
little bit
and good I'm really sorry that that
happened to you it sounds awful
and sorry for laughing in a moment like
this but sometimes that's the word I
deal with negative emotions didn't feel
but yeah I think that could be related
my friend right I mean we can talk about
foundations and that sort of makes sense
like you know earlier when I started
offering answers and we noticed that
something was missing and now I think
you've given us a lot to help us
understand like I mean I didn't even
know how to put all this together but it
sure is how every one of those things
that you shared with me feels very
significant mm-hmm I think it's really
hard once again I can't believe I
sometimes I forget we're on twitch oh
I'm sorry I brought it up because like
that what are you sorry about because
we've been going for so long now and I
don't bring that up then actually really
short so yeah but that's okay I think I
think the reason that you so ingred
things happen at their time in in their
place and part of what we have to do is
like let go of some expectations of how
and when things are supposed to happen
in my sense is that you just needed some
time to kind of let this stuff out
very smiling I'm just hopeful for you no
it's good I know may seem weird but I
think that you know if you're able to
talk about it here and reach out for
help and and I think that I'm hopeful
for people where I can see a problem and
like this is absolutely a problem in
Europe like if you feel the way that you
feel about yourself and something like
this happened then you know I think that
that gives me hope in a weird way
because what what gives me no hope is
like when we don't understand where the
problem comes from but I think in your
case there's all this like little stuff
that was kind of building up and then
there's like this feeling of being like
dirty right hmm of being disgusting and
and sometimes things happen to us that
make us make us feel though that way but
I'm hopeful that with the same courage
that you displayed today cuz like I'm
basing this on you yeah which is that at
the end of the day I think you're
incredibly courageous and I think you're
incredibly intelligent I think you're
awesome got some pretty sweet lights in
your PC and and I think that you know
you've got a lot of stuff that seems
unrelated but I think at the end of the
day you really only got like a couple of
things holding you back
and the reason I'm hopeful is because I
think you've started to take huge
strides in those directions today and at
the top of the list is is like
understanding what you feel right
because here we are I'm asking you
questions for like and out and I don't
mean to keep on beating you up about
this but listen I just tend to be a dick
you could tell me to go yourself
remember well that'll do that one day
angry one day you'll have the courage
but I was saying going to you'll have
the courage to tell me to go myself
but but because I think you you have
been incredibly courageous today and you
faced a lot of feelings and I think it's
hard to know what you feel because
you're not used to feeling it it's like
new territory for you so I taught my
wife I had her play if you heard of this
game called deep rock galactic mm-hmm so
like I had her played deep rock galactic
for the first time a few days ago and I
realized she's never played an FPS oh
and then I realized like how
disorienting it is to play an FPS for
the first time she's played games like
Mario and like Mario Kart yeah there was
like two different and like I just take
it for granted that I know how to
control an FPS but actually it's really
really bizarre to have like character
movement that's half keyboard and a half
Mouse like that's just strange hmm you
know and and so like the in your case I
think this is like your first I mean
maybe not first but you're new at this
like you just don't know how these
controls work yet in terms of feeling
what you feel understanding your
emotions tying things together putting
words to how you feel you're new at that
system of control and so just give
yourself some time and hopefully you'll
find a decent therapist who's not an
and pushes you out the door
after five minutes and and you know be
patient with them and let them be
patient with you because I think if the
only thing that you needed for me is
like not my brilliance that doesn't
actually help by the way but yeah well
all you all you've really needed a space
and you're gonna I mean you're a capable
of doing the work on your own you just
need space and if you can find it I
think you're gonna start to feel better
about yourself
and I really hope so because if I didn't
if I couldn't have hope for you then I
couldn't do my job like I couldn't do
this next yeah how are you feeling now
probably relieved yeah takes a while to
get there I don't know why I said
lighting from five thousand people I
think you said because you needed to say
it and it needed to come out yeah yes
and I think you need to talk more about
it maybe not in front of 5,000 people
you know four thousand next time
[Laughter]
but seriously fine find a space to talk
about I'm dead serious about that in
grid like you know you don't need to be
carrying that around all by yourself
it's not fair to you and you don't
deserve it and you're not burdening
anyone by doing that talk about it with
my boyfriend oh sure
so I think that's good but also your
boyfriend is gonna support you in some
ways and not be able to support you in
other ways too hmm I mean it's it sounds
like you have a really good boyfriend
y'all have a good relationship yeah he's
great that sounds like it sounds like
he's a real keeper
yeah and and so I think you owe it to
yourself and you owe it to him and you
owe it to the your relationship to try
to help yourself
get through some of this stuff so that
you guys can do what you guys are
actually supposed to do we'll just be
happy together hmm
and no meditation write it we don't have
to suit though I think we've done enough
I think we add do anything else so
thanks a lot for coming on thanks for
having me
you're very welcome any last thoughts or
questions and you asked a bomb's you
want to drop on this before we check out
think that's all Ingrid seriously I wish
you all the best and I'm really hopeful
for you and you know you deserve you
deserve to feel better and you deserve
to not have to carry this around
anymore
thank you so deuce
about that okay that's right all right
take care kid but okay now I'm confused
oh all right well hmm give me a
second
chat dr. K on boomer on boomer boys and
girls fixed saved etc oh man yeah so I
don't know if you guys know this but you
could teach an old boomer new tricks you
can unleash the plebs yeah that was a
raid boss whoo anyway so we are you know
we started late but we're also over time
I've got to run so I don't think we're
gonna have time for Q&A or anything else
dude the raid boss is getting the
screams this launched like that's the
raid boss see like the problem with like
are screams that like it's not it's not
like you could clear a bunch of trash
mobs and then then it's the it's the
raid boss it's like the raid boss is at
the very beginning with when the stream
actually launches or not and then it's
like yeah so listen guys thank you guys
very much I think I've got a I just want
to share a couple of things which we
didn't really get around to so first of
all you know I hope that was hopeful for
you guys and I think that oh yeah it's
so weird I think the most important
thing was thing was actually recognizing
that nothing we were saying was actually
helping like
it's really the turning point of that
interview for me isn't kind of
acknowledging that you could come up
with it however many theories you want
to and all this other and believe
you know everything in them like if it
doesn't fit like you gotta trust the
person that you're talking to and what I
want you guys to do is like trust
yourself right because like Ingrid in
that moment like you have to trust
yourself that these guys don't know what
they're talking about because we
don't know what the I'm talking
about because we don't have the whole
story
and that's not her fault necessarily
because you know it's just trust in
yourself and trust in the way that you
feel and if people you know if you feel
something about yourself then then oddly
enough even if it's depression or
something like that even if it's
negative if you're suicidal or you know
whatever like you can have feelings and
trust in those feelings doesn't mean you
have to act on them in fact you
shouldn't especially if you're I think
you might hurt yourself but like
understand that that's coming from a
very authentic place and that you have
to like accept that and recognize that
that pain is real what the pain
translates to in your mind is not real
but the pain itself is real right that
feeling of like and I hope you guys
caught this when I was sort of saying
that she has like this belief about
herself that like the low thing like if
you go back I don't know maybe like 40
or 45 minutes ago or an hour ago like
what we were getting from her is a sense
of like self loathing and that
absolutely comes after a sexual assault
which is what happened to her right like
that sort of makes sense if we were
sniffing it but we just don't know where
it comes from and so if you have
something that you feel about yourself
recognize that that comes from a place
too but then like that doesn't have to
own you right that doesn't have to be
fact it doesn't have to be true you can
you can like let go of that but you have
to figure out where it comes from and
then like heal that so anyway I really
hope that she does okay and she gets
some decent help so a couple of things
just to let you guys know so first of
all thank you very much for all of the
support and then we're gonna have
actually a good friend of mine this guy
named will sue who is an expert in
psychic
let's seize a psychiatrist and he's
gonna be on on Friday to talk about
psychedelics because I know that we've
got a lot of interest in that he's part
of the psychedelic support network also
you know don't crucify him for this but
it is also on TV and some Netflix things
and and a couple of things like that so
he's a great big proponent of the use of
psychedelics medically and non-medically
so hopefully he'll be on and we'll talk
a little bit about that I think he's
also offered to I think do a Q&A on our
discord maybe after the stream so we may
try to set that up for Friday and Friday
is gonna kick off we're doing a whole
thing for Mental Health Awareness Month
so may is mental health awareness month
so starting on Friday we're going to
talk to will and we're also gonna be
doing some fundraising for our coaching
programs so we'd like to help people
like Ingrid and other people who have
bad experiences with psychiatrists where
we can't treat medical problems but we
can definitely you know try to support
people teach them how to meditate help
them understand Vedic psychology things
like that help them understand their ego
and so we're gonna be doing some
fundraising with some various goals
along the way and yeah so like for
example if we're hitting our goal I
think we're gonna try to raise $75,000
maybe and if we hit that you know we're
gonna have various goals and you guys
can decide like what we do so options
for like stretch goals include me I hope
I can say this can I say this hold on
let me figure this out and I talked
about
[Music]
okay so yeah so like it involves gaming
streams but then also tears again so
this gaming stream there's gaming stream
with dr. K being hopeful and positive
and then there's also gaming stream with
me doing an Indian accent and trolling
people and then there's also a gaming
stream with me being doing an Indian
accent and and being toxic as all hell
and using my powers to destroy people's
like psyches instead of rebuilding them
and so we'll just see like how toxin can
we get let that inner troll all the way
out and so we may also do like some like
some cue it like marathon kind of
streams with like QA and stuff like that
we're still trying to sort out exactly
what our what our various donation
benchmarks are and then you know if we
hit our end goal maybe that should be
the end goal I don't know you guys
decide what the end goal is but other
options are gonna be like content that's
determined by the community so you guys
give me a topic and I'll produce a
series of webinars or YouTube lectures
or whatever like on whatever you guys
want if that's dating and talking to
women that's fine if it's like
understanding procrastination better
that's fine if it's understanding trauma
or like meditation you guys pick the
topics and I'll do it
and yeah so we're gonna start so this is
gonna be for the month of May for mental
health awareness month yeah and so we
have a highlights channel too for those
of you guys so that's gonna be a long
interview people have said that they
want the whole damn thing so fine so
that's gonna be like a two-hour upload
to YouTube but we have a second channel
where we try to clip some of the more
piecemeal chunks and yeah so that's
that's what we're gonna be shooting for
so all throughout the month of May I
think we're gonna do a lot of cool stuff
on stream and that's what we're shooting
for and I think we're gonna rave so
we're gonna do oh yeah so so oh god
cosplay you've got to be kidding me
Moses
so give ideas and discord about what you
want is what I've been told and we're
gonna raid let's raid Mitch you guys got
to be kidding if I talked to a person
with BPD yet yeah buddy I've talked to
several of them I just don't know if
they actually have BPD but take care
guys we'll see y'all hopefully on
Wednesday and hopefully on time with
like my Nvidia drivers working that's
what I get for trying to update my
drivers Fogg take care
[Music]